(whooshing)
One thing I really like about Keystone
is relationships between pieces of data
are really easy to do,
meaning that if we have a product image,
we should be able to figure out what products
use that image.
And then if we have a product,
it should be very easily to find out
what image is associated with it.
So, it doesn't matter.
Sometimes I use these different CMS's and they say like,
"Oh, you can only query the image
if you have the product and not the other way around."
And the whole idea behind two-way data relationships
is you should be able to start at any piece of data
and get all the related data for that.
So, let's go into our product image here
and we're gonna add another field
that is called product.
And that is going to be a relationship field.
And you see how that auto imported right there
up at the top.
And you simply just give it a reference to a product.photo.
Why? Because we're going to reference it
to the product data type
and the photo field that is on product.
And we're gonna create that in just a second.
Now, let's open up the other side
which is our product data type.
And we're gonna add another...
Let's do it right in between description and statuses here.
We're going to call it a photo.
And that is a relationship.
See how it auto imported the relationship field right here.
And inside of that, we give it a ref.
And that is going to be referenced
productimage.product.
You see how in this one we referenced the photo,
which is that.
And then in this one we referenced the dot product
which is this field, right?
So we have our reference.
And then there's a couple other pieces of data
for the UI in order to get it to show up nicely.
We wanna put the display mode.
It's set to cards,
not a select
because you want to display the image in the alt text
and not just have a dropdown of possible options.
You could, you could change that between cards
and select just to see what the differences
between those are.
The card fields.
So when you're editing, like,
what's gonna happen is when we edit a product,
we're gonna get a little UI that's right in line here.
And we're not technically adding fields to our product,
we're actually creating or editing a product image
but we're having a card inside of it.
So we don't have to go to images, upload one, come back
select it from a list.
And that's really cool.
So,`which are the fields that we want?
We want the image field.
And we also want the alt text field.
And then there's a couple other things
we have to add here is inline create.
Which fields do we to be able to edit?
And that's the same right here.
And then we finally have one more.
Let's just duplicate that.
It's called inline edit.
And we should be able to do the image and the alt text.
Let's try that.
Last time I tried it, the image didn't work,
but it might be fixed by now.
Let's try it.
So kill it, restart that sucker.
And I'm just gonna refresh this.
There we go.
Create a product image.
See?
We can upload something.
We'll say Kith
Hoodie.
Sometimes this is duplicated
from the name of the product, but that's okay.
And we'll go ahead and just click create product image.
Okay, so that under the hood
is creating a product image.
And then we can go ahead and click save changes.
And now that product image is now related to it.
And I believe if we go to these product images,
we should see it.
It's kind of interesting.
You just see the ID by default.
And you can either add that,
you can add the alt text and...
Oh no, that's filtering.
Here we go.
We wanna add the source, the alt text
and the product to it.
And you can also see information.
You can define what these default field values are,
by going to your product image
and in the fields or in the UI, actually.
There is a field called list view.
And then inside of that, there is initial columns
and you can give it an array of the fields
that you want to show up by default.
So, alt text image or product.
I'm not gonna put that in there
'cause we can easily just check those boxes.
But if this was for a client,
you probably would want to do that.
So, ah, you know what?
Let's do it. Image,
alt text
and product.
Well, you know, I forgot that little comma there.
You see, how like, if I were to spell that wrong,
like that, it underlines it.
And it says product is not assignable to type image
alt text or product.
Isn't that awesome?
Like, it will take the fields that we created here,
it automatically creates types for us.
And part of types are these things called unions.
And it will tell us what the possible options are.
And it just catches so many, especially for me,
I spell things wrong all the time.
So, that will give you the default.
But we have that here
when we go into this one and edit it.
Oh, and we can-
Let's double check that we can change the image.
Here we go.
Save the changes.
And you can see which product is associated with here.
And then the product,
you can also see which image is associated with whose.
It's a two way data relationship.
I really, really like how slick that is in Keystone.
Last thing I wanted to test
is does the slide out work?
Description photo?
You can create one.
(laughs happily) There we go.
So, if you want to be able to create data
in this little drawer
instead of in the edit thing,
you can create it and it'll create a second drawer
where you can create it and then it will add it to there.
That doesn't matter
because we're going to be doing this all from the front end
but it's really nice to have a slick UI
to edit and all of that stuff.
So, that is data relationships in Keystone.
We've got a bunch more of those coming up
because we've got cart items and order items and products
and they all have to be related to each other.